Introduction
Cybersecurity Primer Module Objectives
By the end of this module, students will be able to:
List key cybersecurity terminology
Recognize servers, endpoints, and networking technology
Explain the GRC analyst role and how it operates within an information security program
Classify different types of threats based on threat actor

Baseline Assessment
What are the 3 core security objectives that focuses on protecting systems and data?
What is an expected capability of the GRC function? (select all that apply)
What technology allows computers to communicate with each other?
What threats must a GRC analyst consider? (select all that apply)
What is the typical motivation for a Hacktivist based threat actor?

What is Cybersecurity?
Cybersecurity is a massive field, but there is definitely accepted conventions in the way its implemented at organizations and why. Let's briefly frame cybersecurity.
People, Process, Technology
The CIA Triad - Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability
Cybersecurity Framework - Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, Recover
Key Terminology - Vulnerability, Exploit, Risk, Incident, Malware

What does a GRC Analyst do?
Cybersecurity Framework - Identify and Protect section
Key Activites - Compliance and Audit, Security Awareness, Assess Risk, Instill Governance, Speak 'Security' for the Business

Where does a GRC Analyst Fit in the Cybersecurity Picture?
Under Associate Director and CISO

Understanding Technology
Network Communications

Understanding Threats
If the world was perfect cybersecurity wouldn't exist. But there are threat actors and unexpected situations. A leaky air conditioner on a server is just effective at destroying your systems as the most advanced nation state threat actor. In this lecture we are going to get to know our threats a bit better for context of our GRC role.
Threat - Motives, Capabilities, Support Structure, Comment

Quiz - Cybersecurity Primer
What are the 3 core security objectives that focuses on protecting systems and data?
What are the 5 categories of the NIST Cybersecurity Framework?
What is an expected capability of the GRC function? (select all that apply)
What does the term "Left of Boom" mean?
How many layers are there in the OSI Model (network model)
What technology allows computers to communicate with each other?
What two network layers are related to TCP/IP
What does DNS do?
What threats must a GRC analyst consider? (select all that apply)
What is the typical motivation for a Hacktivist based threat actor?

Conclusion and Touchpoints
