Introduction
Module Objectives
By the end of this module, students will be able to:
Develop information security awareness content
Identify several free resources supporting information security awareness content creation
Contrast audience types for selecting awareness content aspects
Evolved - Compliance, Just in time, Tech infused

Security Awareness Baseline Assessment
Who can be the recipient of information security awareness training? (select all that apply)
Why is it important to tailor awareness training to specific audiences (like IT, HR, etc.)?
Where should a GRC Analyst find ideas for security awareness content?
What is the primary objective of security awareness training?
What is a traditional method of delivering cybersecurity awareness that is limited in its effectiveness?

Know Your Audience
Always remember the point
What is the goal?
Always remember the audiance
In General - not technical, not interested, word choice matters, personalize it, length and time
8th grade reading level
Specifically - executives, IT, HR, Finance, R&D Engineering

Your Toolbox to Win the Day
Below are list of resources, all that should be free, that you can leverage to achieve high quality security awareness content.
Canva Image Editing https://www.canva.com/
Loom Desktop Video Recording https://www.loom.com
Pexels Photo Collections https://www.pexels.com/
OBS (Bit complicated to setup) Desktop Video Recording https://obsproject.com/
Streamlabs Desktop Video Recording https://streamlabs.com/
Current Cybersecurity Stories to get Inspired
Cisoseries.com
https://threatpost.com/

Lets Raise Awareness (Practical Lab)
Current Events for News
Understand and support
Risk of AWS S3 Buckets
How to secure properly
Sample email:
Keep You Buckets from Dripping - Cybersecurity Tip
Its very easy to misconfigure an AWS S3 Bucket and have your data leaked on the Internet
Check out this 60 second video on how bad the data leak can be, and what you can do to prevent it
Linked Video (always upload it to somewhere)

Quiz
Who can be the recipient of information security awareness training? (select all that apply)
What free tool allows you to record yourself and your screen to make content? (select all that apply)
Why is it important to have short, frequent security awareness content?
What is useful technique for having your awareness messaging resonate with end users?
Why is it important to tailor awareness training to specific audiences (like IT, HR, etc.)?
Where should a GRC Analyst find ideas for security awareness content?
What (free) website can a GRC Analyst use to get free photography to use in security awareness content?
What is an effective method for communicating developed security awareness content to a user population?
What is the primary objective of security awareness training?
What is a traditional method of delivering cybersecurity awareness that is limited in its effectiveness?

Counclusion
Resume
Hope you enjoyed the security awareness lab. If you took the lectures and made the awareness video in the lab (and posted it on LinkedIN!) you've earned these resume bullets.
Developed concise, tailored cybersecurity awareness content, improving targeted end-user base cyber hygiene
Developed Just-In-Time cybersecurity awareness content for emerging threats to reduce operational risk to tailored audiences